Oh
[Music]
Wow dear Lord baby Jesus
oh thank you for my family my two
beautiful sons Walker Texas Ranger and
of course my red hot smoking wife Carly
mmm you know it might be cool sometime
we could set me up for a win you can't
have two number one yeah
you can't that makes 11 but no man
stings on top
absolutely ma'am another sign your baby
you don't know what watch that forehead
forever well the big musings of NASCAR
is going French and coming from eulogy
movie is it a wall you're not on fire
Ricky Barney family Jewish guy Tom
Cruise doctor these are with traffic in
the fog right from the guys who brought
me under man and the ODU old virgin the
doctor told us you can walk on here I'm
so paralyzed you want to see what my
life they don't you stick that knife in
your leg will tell Ricky Bobby is not a
secret
Jimmy fastball swiftlife spelled cessful
Oh give another Ricky Bobby is a driver
yeah it's the real deal down
[Music]
first was I blew your mind that just
happened don't drive with your eyes you
got to feel the road the story of a man
could only count to number one all
embarrassed are in the thought I could
feel it sub sellers of recent zombie you
gotta learn to drive with the fear there
ain't nothing more frightening driving
with a live Cooper
control your heart rise I can't control
my heart right I got cougar on me